README.md, before:

# mcpkg
## [READ THE DOCS](https://mcpkg.bsstudios.org)

A simple Minecraft Mod Package Manager written in Node.js. Create and manage Minecraft instances with Fabric or Forge mod loaders, search and install mods from Modrinth, and launch the game directly from the command line.

## Features

- 🎮 **Create Instances** - Set up new Minecraft client or server instances with Fabric or Forge
- 🔍 **Search Mods** - Find mods on Modrinth with filters for version, loader, and more
- 📦 **Install Mods** - Download and install mods directly to your instance
- � **Upgrade** - Update mods, mod loader, or Minecraft version
- ℹ️ **Instance Info** - View detailed information about your instances
- �🔐 **Microsoft Login** - Authenticate with your Microsoft account to play online
- 🚀 **Launch Game** - Start Minecraft directly from the terminal

## Installation

### Cloning from Source
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/theinfamousben/mcpkg.git
cd mcpkg

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Link globally (optional, for using 'mcpkg' command anywhere)
npm link
```
### Install NPM Package
**npm package coming soon!**


## Requirements

- Node.js 18 or higher
- Java 21 or higher (for running Minecraft)

## Supported Platforms

- ✅ Linux
- ✅ macOS
- ✅ Windows

## License

ISC

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/theinfamousben/mcpkg).

Commit message:

Rename project and enhance README description
Updated project name from 'mcpkg' to 'CLIcraft' and revised description.

README.md, after:

# CLIcraft
## [READ THE DOCS](https://mcpkg.bsstudios.org)
**CLIcraft is under rename to avoid confusion with the other mcpkg.**


A simple Minecraft Mod Package Manager and launcher written in Node.js. Create and manage Minecraft instances with Fabric or Forge mod loaders, search and install mods from Modrinth, and launch the game directly from the command line.

## Why CLIcraft?
Unlike other PMs or Launchers, CLIcraft can do both! Simply type a few commands and you're playing fabric or forge minecraft.

## Features

- 🎮 **Create Instances** - Set up new Minecraft client or server instances with Fabric or Forge
- 🔍 **Search Mods** - Find mods on Modrinth with filters for version, loader, and more
- 📦 **Install Mods** - Download and install mods directly to your instance
- � **Upgrade** - Update mods, mod loader, or Minecraft version
- ℹ️ **Instance Info** - View detailed information about your instances
- �🔐 **Microsoft Login** - Authenticate with your Microsoft account to play online
- 🚀 **Launch Game** - Start Minecraft directly from the terminal

## Installation

### Cloning from Source
```bash
# Clone the repository
git clone https://github.com/theinfamousben/mcpkg.git
cd mcpkg

# Install dependencies
npm install

# Link globally (optional, for using 'mcpkg' command anywhere)
npm link
```
### Install NPM Package
**npm package coming soon!**


## Requirements

- Node.js 18 or higher
- Java 21 or higher (for running Minecraft)

## Supported Platforms

- ✅ Linux
- ✅ macOS
- ✅ Windows

## License

ISC

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please open an issue or submit a pull request on [GitHub](https://github.com/theinfamousben/mcpkg).
